hello everyone I'm Juliet welcome to the
kitchen so today I'm going to show you
how to make a really delicious cake and
you don't need an oven
it's a fridge cake it's really simple
you just melt loads of good stuff
together put it into a tin and cut it up
so it's a really great one to do me kids
[Music]
to date and dark chocolate butter
vanilla golden syrup rice crispies
sultanas crushed biscuit white chocolate
and optional chocolates are decorating
I've got my pound of water it's just
simmering and I'm gonna put my chocolate
in there and my butter and the golden
syrup get it all in and now I'm just
gonna give it a little stir until it's
all melted together so just keep
stirring until all the lumpy bits of
chocolate have disappeared and it's
lovely and smooth you can see in that
look lovely and silky and glossy so
that's all melted so I'm gonna get rid
of this and bring out all of my lovely
ingredients which I've got a tip inside
the borrowed chocolate okay so there's
my lovely melted chocolate and butter
and goals of syrup I'm gonna add a
splash of vanilla to that give it a stir
and now it's time to put all of our
lovely ingredients so in go the rice
krispies and crash biscuit
and I've got some self tanners - if you
don't like to use sultanas you can leave
them out just add something else paint
maybe some nuts or some extra biscuit
but I love sultanas so in they go and it
smells amazing when you make it
yourselves I challenge you not to eat it
straight out the bowl okay so that's all
delicious and coated so now it's time to
get this lovely mixture into my tin so
some of the rice krispies have already
jumped up with all made their way in
there I go up 20 25 30 centimeter tin
and I've reached it and lined it with a
piece of baking parchment and I'll just
snip the corners just to fit it in nice
and flatly so now I'm going to get all
of this mixture into the tin right so
now all I have to do is flatten it down
I'm going to get something clean so I'm
actually going to use my palette knife
you can't use the back of a metal spoon
so that's all lovely and looking good
and ready to put in the fridge so I'm
gonna set it in the fridge until it's
completely hard and then we'll come back
and decorate this lovely white chocolate
and maybe a few cake sprinkles - there
we go listen to that we're massive slab
of bridge cake this is gonna be enough
for about 16 to 20 people and I like to
cut mine into small squares but before I
do that I'm gonna give one last little
bit of decoration so I've melted some
white chocolate here something freeze a
lip all over the top that looks lovely
but I think just for final flourish a
few cake sprinkles Wow look at that
isn't it pretty
now it's time to chop it up so obviously
if you're doing this with kids it's
probably best to let it out all day this
is quite hard so I need to use a lot of
pressure with my knife each one of these
into three there we go step give me
what's two times nine kids is the maths
lesson as well two times nine is
eighteen so 18 pieces there look at
those thing that's quite generous I
probably could even cut these in half
you want a little bite sized ones how
gorgeous is that
well looking at my massive pyramid of
chocolate crispy fruitcakes
I hope you really enjoy making these and
I'd love to see pictures perhaps you
might use some different chocolates do
tag us in your pictures with the hashtag
stay home get cooking and enjoy
[Music]